SRS

1.Creating a post.
	User should be able to create a post by writing his input in a text box that appears at the top of the page and post it with the “post” button or cancel it with the “x” button. From the “Create Post” page, the user should be able to: 
		1.	Select the audience that the post will appear to. (e.g., only me, friends, public)
		2.	Upload photo(s)/video(s) to be attached to the post.
		3.	Tag people in the post (who will be notified of activities on the post as well).
		4.	Select a custom background from a list of available backgrounds.
		5.	Attach a label that describes the “feeling” or “activity” of the post.
		6.	Add a check in to a specific location which a.
		7.	Record a live video stream that appears instantly on his/her profile and notifies his/her friends once created.
		8.	Choose a GIF from a list of available GIFs.
		9.	Open the camera, take a picture with it, edit it, and seeing it attached on the post.
		10.	Specify an event from a list of ongoing events. Once the post is created it should indicate that the user is attending this event.
		11.	Select a layout from a list of available layouts and upload multiple pictures that fit into the selected layout.

	After creation of the post:
		1.	The user should be sent a notification describing any new activity on the post (e.g., react, comment or share) and the time/date of the activity.

		2.	The user should be able to edit the post content.
		3.	The user should be able to edit the post privacy (to whom it appears).
		4.	The user should be able to delete the post by moving it to the “trash”.


2.Creating a story.
	User can create a story by clicking on the (Create story) button in the Stories tab. A list of options for the story should appear for the user to choose from (e.g., Text, Music, Green Screen, ...) The user should be able to:
		1.	Select a photo from the gallery to form the story.
		2.	Select multiple photos to form the story. A story with multiple photos could be separate stories, photo collage, or montage. 
		3.	Select a video to form the story.
		
	Once the photo(s) are selected, the user should be able to proceed to editing page where he/she can:
		1.	Apply effects.
		2.	Write text on the photo.
		3.	Add music to play while the story is viewed.
		4.	Add emojis.
		5.	Add stickers. 
		6.	Draw on the photo
		7.	Tag people.
		8.	Edit privacy options (selected audience to view the story, turning the commenting option on/off, share story to instagram)
		

3.Messaging.

	User can message friends, pages, bots or other facebook users who allow messages for user outside their friend list. User should be able to :
		1.	See a list of "most recent" messages once the messagging page is opened. 
		2.	Search the list by typing the the name on a textbox. 
		3.	Selected a user to by tapping on their name, and the conversation history shows.
		3.	Type a message in a textbox and send it to the user.
		4.	Tap on the user name from the conversation page and block the user or view their profile.
		5.	Access archived conversations, spam and message requests.
		6.	Archive conversation
		7.	Delete a conversation
		8.	Mute a conversation for a specific time
		9.	See a list of active friends to chat with
		10.	Create a new group chat
		11.	Send a picture in a conversation from gallery or camera
		12.	Send multiple pictures in a conversation from gallery
		13.	Send a video from gallery or camera
		14.	Send a vocie note 
		15.	Forward a certain message to other user or users
		16.	Make a voice call to user or group chat
		17.	Make a video call to user or group chat
		
		
		
 



